Disable components per plan (#117)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-02-runtime-components.md

3. KEB composes the final list of components by removing components that were not selected by the user. It also adds the proper global and components overrides and sends the whole provisioning information to the Runtime Provisioner.

There is a defined [list of the component names](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/blob/master/components/kyma-environment-broker/internal/runtime/components). Use these names in your implementation.

## Disabled components

> To disable a component for a given [plan](03-01-service-description.md), add it to the [disabled components list](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/blob/master/components/kyma-environment-broker/internal/runtime/disabled_components.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable a component for a [specific plan](#details-service-description-service-plans), add it to the [disabled components list](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/blob/master/components/kyma-environment-broker/internal/runtime/disabled_components.go).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
